In this lesson, we are going to reach ultimate ==Object Oriented Programming== in Javascript.

### Constructor Funtions to ES6 Class
```js
// Constructor Functions
class Elf(name, weapon) {
	this.name = name;
	this.weapon = weapon;
}

Elf.prototype.attack = function() {
	return 'attack with ' + this.weapon
}

const peter = new Elf('Peter', 'stones')
console.log(peter.attack())
const sam = new Elf('Sam', 'fire')
console.log(sam.attack())
```
Nobody really liked the ==prototype== ways of adding methods.
So with ==ES6==, Javascript finally got the ==class== keyword.
```js
// ES6 Class
class Elf(name, weapon) {
	constructor(name, weapon) {
		this.name = name
		this.weapon = weapon
	}
	attack() {
		return 'attack with ' + this.weapon
	}
}

const peter = new Elf('Peter', 'stones')
console.log(peter.attack())
const sam = new Elf('Sam', 'fire')
console.log(sam.attack())
```

### Instance
An ==Instance== happens when we call this class and create an object out of this class.
ex: peter is an instance of Elf
```js
console.log(peter instanceof Elf) // true
```

### New
The ==New== keyword is called ==instantiation(實例化)==. 
ex:  We are insantiating a class
```js
const peter = new Elf('Peter', 'stones')
```

### Constructor
The constructor method is a method that's available on all class components, And why that's important is because it's saying that, whenever this app is constructed, whenever it's built, instantiated any of those terms, I want you to ==run this constructor method first==.

### Object Oriented Programming now?
We finally have classes.
We finally have object oriented programming in Javascript, right?

Well, not really.
This is what we called ==Syntactic sugar(語法糖)==.

Underneath the hood in JavaScript, we're still using ==prototype in inheritance==.
We're not using classes like classes work in other languages.
This is the closest that JavaScript is going to get to classes underneath the hood.

There's an interesting story behind why Javascript doesn't have classes.
> "If I had done classes in Javascript back in May 1995, I would have been told that it was too much like Java or that Javascript was competing with Java... I was under marketing orders to make it look like Java but not make it too big for its britches... [it] needed to be a silly little brother language."                --Brendon Eich

- In other languages, Classes are an actual thing. 
- In Javascript, Classes are still just ==objects==.

### P.S.
[6-64 ES6 與類別](6-64%20ES6%20與類別.md)

tag: #JS #Class #ES6 #Prototype #SyntacticSugar #PrototypalInheritance #Object #OOP
