### Pure functions
1. What a pure function should do is return the exact same thing no matter how many times it gets called when it's given the same arguments
   ```js
	   // pure function
	   const pureFunc = (a, b) => {
		   return a + b;
	   }
	   pureFunc(2, 4) // 6
	   pureFunc(2, 4) // 6
	```
	```js
		// impure function
		let c = 3
		const impureFunc = (a, b) => {
			return a + b + c;
		}
		impureFunc(2, 4) // 9
		
		c = 5
		impureFunc(2, 4) // 11
	```
2. Another thing that your function should not do in order for it to be considered a pure function is produce side effects
	```js
	let c = 3
	const impureFunc = (a, b) => {
		c = a + b;
		return a * b;
	}
	
	impureFunc(2, 4) // 8
	console.log(c) // 6
	```
	The example upside will definitely always give you the same result that validates what we set up here functions. However, `c` is now being changed outside of the function. 
	
	This is considered a side effect.
	
	==A side effect is when a function creates some kind of effect outside of its scope==.
	
	So in summary, if it is to modify or rely on something outside of its scope and beyond the parameters being passed into it.
	
	That is a impure function.

### React Functional components
Technically speaking, many Javascript developers prefer writing code in a functional way because it's very predictable.

However, that does not necessarily mean that impure functions do not have a place. And this is an important thing to note because in fact what we are writing is going to be impure functions. We're going to use ==hooks== to create ==impure functions==.

By understanding that idea of modifying or relying on some value that exists outside of the scope of your function will help you understand the way that functional components render.

### P.S. Scope
[2-17 範圍(scope)、ES6與let](2-17%20範圍(scope)、ES6與let.md)

tag: #React #FunctionalComponents #ReactHook #Scope #PureFunction #SIdeEffects 